In the day's other news:
President Trump today
kept sawing on the tree
limb where he's recently
placed his attorney
general, Jeff Sessions.
He charged that Sessions has
been very weak on investigating
Hillary Clinton, and needs
to be -- quote --
"much tougher."
As for whether Sessions will
keep his job, the president
said, "Time will tell."
One of Mr. Trump's
advisers said he probably
wants Sessions to resign.
We will have a full report
later in the program.
The State Department denied
today that Secretary of
State Rex Tillerson is
increasingly frustrated
in his job.
Several news outlets reported
that the former ExxonMobil
chief is chafing at curbs on his
independence.
The reports said he's
told friends that he
may not last a year.
But spokesperson Heather
Nauert rejected any such talk.
HEATHER NAUERT, State Department
Spokeswoman: That is false.
We have spoken
with the secretary.
The secretary has been very
clear he intends to stay
here at State Department.
We have a lot of work that is
left to be done ahead of us.
He recognizes that.
He is deeply engaged
in that work.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Nauert said
that Tillerson is currently
taking a little time off.
The U.S. House of
Representatives today
voted overwhelmingly to
impose new sanctions on
Russia, partly over its
meddling in the 2016 election.
This bars President Trump
from relaxing the penalties
without congressional approval.
Meanwhile, in the Russia
investigations, the president's
son-in-law, Jared Kushner, met
privately with the House
Intelligence Committee.
And former Trump campaign
manager Paul Manafort spoke
with Senate Intelligence
Committee staffers.
We will return to this
story later in the program.
In Jerusalem, Muslim
clerics urged worshipers
to keep up protests and
avoid entering a contested
holy site until further notice.
They had objected to Israel
installing metal detectors at
the Temple Mount/Noble Sanctuary
site after an attack on police.
Overnight, the Israelis
dismantled the metal detectors,
in favor of high-tech cameras,
but protests continued
and Palestinian officials
remained adamant.
RAMI HAMDALLAH, Prime Minister,
Palestinian National Authority
(through translator): We
condemn all the Israeli
measures that take away our
people's right for worship.
We reject all obstacles that
hinder the freedom of worship
granted by international laws.
And we demand that we
return to the situation
where things stood before.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Palestinians
warned that the new cameras
could see through clothing and
embarrass female worshipers.
Israeli police said they
will not use cameras that
violate anyone's privacy.
An outbreak of cholera
in Yemen was set to reach
400,000 cases today.
It has struck a
population already
ravaged by war and hunger.
We have a report from Neil
Connery of Independent
Television News.
But be aware, some of the images
are graphic and disturbing.
NEIL CONNERY: Tagrid Tatan
barely has the strength to cry.
She's 12 years old.
For months, Yemen's children
have paid the highest price in
a war now in its third year.
Zara is 15.
This is what hunger
has done to her.
And now a cholera epidemic
is spreading, with more
than 5,000 cases every day.
At Todada (ph) hospital, they're
overwhelmed by cholera victims.
More than 40 percent of
those affected are children.
Yemen was already on its
knees, but now a disease which
should have been left in the
19th century is in every
part of the country.
In the villages, this waterborne
infection is claiming lives,
as one father who lost
his 4-year-old
son, Ali, told us.
MAN (through translator): My
son died of cholera because the
water is contaminated, and we
do not have a solution
for this well.
We need a solution to
stop this illness that
has killed our children.
NEIL CONNERY: In the
nearby clinic, Tagrid
is finally receiving
help, but, across Yemen,
hunger and cholera cast
the darkest of shadows.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So hard to watch
that report from Neil Connery
of Independent Television
News.
The U.S. and Iran have
had a new confrontation in
the Northern Persian Gulf.
An American patrol ship
fired warning shots today
near an Iranian vessel.
U.S. military officials
said it ignored warnings
and came within 150 yards.
Iran's Revolutionary Guard
charged that the U.S. vessel
provoked the incident.
There's word that North Korea
could field an intercontinental
ballistic missile that
can carry a nuclear warhead
to a target by next year.
The Washington Post is reporting
the new Pentagon estimate shaves
two years off the previous
forecast.
U.S. intelligence analysts say
that the North could conduct
new missile tests this week
during a national holiday.
Upbeat corporate profits pushed
Wall Street higher today.
The Dow Jones industrial
average gained 100
points to close at 21613.
The Nasdaq rose one point,
and the S&P 500 added seven.
And Barbara Sinatra died
today at her home in
Rancho Mirage, California.
She became Frank Sinatra's
fourth wife in 1976, and the
union lasted until the legendary
singer's own death in 1998.
With his help, the former
showgirl-turned-socialite
raised millions of
dollars to help abused
children.
Barbara Sinatra
was 90 years old.